FAQ

Q: Why is your english such basic and full of failures?
A: cos i'm german, playing on a german server with german players - so i dont have much experience with english


Q: If a priest (or druid or pala/shaman) trades me, he doesn't get any items! tD just tells me: "no items to trade"
A: these classes are HEALERS and get their own profile!


Q: Can i define some "keywords" to handout only the wished items?
A: NO! this could be an own addon. i'll never implement this feature to tD, because its gonna explode the size
   of the script and the use of memory! Absolutely nonsense to tD!

   
Q: i just updated - and there were a LOT of errors... what do i made wrong?
A: have you used RELOADUI to update? this won't work! you HAVE TO RESTART WOW.
A2: maybe i made something wrong... please go to ui.WorldOfWar.net and report your bug
A3: if everything seems to be right, but you still get errors, try to delete all "tradeDispenser.lua"-files of
    your WTF-Directory (and all sub-directories)
	

Q: the new background looks ugly... i hate light green!
A: there's a problem with loading of textures. i think, a RELOADUI would help.  (use /console reloadui)
   

Q: tD trades everything fine, if someone trades me. but the other way, i dont like it. if I started to trade,
	tD should not interfere with my items...
A: its not possible to get the "initiator" of a trade. so you have to turn off tD first.
   

Q: The Authors are "Shag and Kaboom"... who's shag?
A: Shag just made the core of tradeDispenser. and since then, kaboom made everything else! the gui, all the additional features etc.
   but if shag does not made the core, i could never get this addon running!

   
Q: Your SourceCode looks ugly! why don't you use "normal" linebreaks?
A: dont use notepad! use wordpad (worst choice) or notepad++ (nice programm)


Q: Can i help you doing anything for this nice and pretty addon?
A: yes you can! i still need a good localisation! maybe your english is much better than mine, so please fix the typos i made!
   and btw: i'm looking for a translation for french or spain people
 
 
Q: A Raidmembers always trades me thousands times in one second, so i get a disconnect! what can i do?
A: Nothing! give him an asskick!!! And deactivate tD quickly.